Consultant Communicator 2.0
Release 10/08/01

ABOUT CONSULTANT COMMUNICATOR -
Consultant Communicator (ConsultComm) is a lightweight, 
cross-platform program that allows anyone managing multiple projects, 
clients or tasks to effectively keep track of exactly how long they've 
spent on each project. 

INSTALL -
Read the file INSTALL for step-by-step directions to install ConsultComm.

STARTING CONSULTANT COMMUNICATOR -
Simply double-click on the "CsltComm.jar" icon. Or, at the DOS prompt type
	> cd \CsltComm
	> javaw -jar CsltComm.jar (or java -jar CsltComm.jar on
	  non-Windows platforms)

RUNNING CONSULTANT COMMUNICATOR -
1) The Time Tracker
	Simply use the toolbar to use the following functions:
	Start - Start the clock running.
	Pause - Stop the clock from running.
	Project - Maintain your projects by selecting:
		o Add Project - Place a new project at the end of the list
		o Delete Project - Deletes currently seleted project
		o Edit Project - Edit the currently selected project
		o Reset Timers - Reset ALL projects to have no elapsed time
	Tools - Configuration and connectivity
		o Export to Table - Insert all of your projects and times
		  into a JDBC database
		o JDBC Settings - Edit settings to connect to JDBC compliant
		  databases and insert projects and times into tables. See
		  the file DBCONNECT for more details
2) Switching Projects
	When you are ready to switch to another project, simply click on
	its name on the list. ConsultComm automatically saves the old
	project's elapsed time and watches elapsed time on the new
	project.
3) Total vs. Billable Time
	To see your billable (instead of total) time, simply click on the
	"Total:" box at the bottom of ConsultComm. When you want to switch
	back, simply click on the "Billable:" box.
4) Saving Preferances
	Projects, time and preferances are automatically saved every 
	minute and when you exit Consultant Communicator.

CURRENT KNOWN BUGS -
	o Report any bugs to http://consultcomm.sourceforge.net

THINGS TO DO -
	o Switch to a project automatically at a certain time each day
	o Add mouse wheel functionality (should be released with JRE 1.4)

LICENSE -
Copyright (C) 2000, 2001 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
License verified on 9/24/2001 by Janet Casey <jcasey@gnu.org>

Permission is granted to copy, distribute, and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.1 or
any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
Invariant Sections, with no Front-Cover Texts, and with no Back-Cover
Texts. A copy of this license is included in the file COPYING.

If you did not receive the file COPYING, please e-mail me at 
john.ellis@ise-indy.com for a... er... copy or take a look at 
http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html .

REPORTING BUGS -
	http://sourceforge.net/projects/consultcomm/

OFFICIAL SITE -
	http://consultcomm.sourceforge.net/
